hey guys it's Jess so today's video I
will be showing you my swimsuit
collection because I have gathered a lot
of swimsuits over the last couple of
years and I just felt like sharing that
with you because I like seeing other
people's bathing suit style and stuff
like that and the summer is right around
the corner so I'm super excited for that
so let's get started
okay so I have quite a few bathing suits
to show you and I'm going to start with
the most recent one that I bought and it
is this really really adorable endo
bathing suit from Victoria's Secret it
is white and it has the anchor in the
middle it's dark blue and it's just
really really cute it looks really good
with a tan and then it came with these
yellow bottoms um they're yellow and
they have gold detailing and it's
striped and it she was really really
cute I actually saw that bathing suit
last year on Victoria's Secret website
and it was kind of expensive but I was
obsessed with it it never ended up
actually buying it so this year when I
saw on the website and it was on sale I
was like this is a sign and I need this
bathing suit so I went and got it and
I'm in love so this X bathing suit is
also from Victoria's Secret and you will
see that most of my bathing suits tend
to be from there because they just fit
me really really well so this one is a
halter top and it has some padding in
the boobage area it's just really really
a cute peachy color and then the bottoms
are really cute I like when it's not
completely solid like the top and bottom
are the same color like when they're
different colors so these are striped as
well they're like rainbow and striped
and they have ties on the side and it's
just a really cute bathing suit this
next bathing suit is also from
Victoria's Secret and it's another
bandeau style bathing suit and it looks
like this it has this floral pattern and
it's just I love these colors because
they're super summery and bright and
colorful this has some underwire so it
gives you a little more support than the
first band o that I showed and then the
bottoms are this like quarterly orange
color and the sides
like this rouging kind of thing going on
here and I like these because they have
a thicker side so it's not so revealing
I guess if you haven't noticed I really
like the whole like Coralie pinky kind
of color so the next few are all kind of
separates so they don't really have a
matching top and bottom I just have a
plain old black bottom from Victoria's
Secret as well it's just your basic
string tie bikini and it's always really
a good idea to get basic black bottoms
because you can buy top separate and
then you can match them with these so I
like to match the first bando top the
one with the anchor with the black
bottoms and then I also have this like
zebra printed top which I don't really
remember where I got it um I don't know
I think I may have gotten it like Target
or something this is kind of old you can
probably tell it's a little like worn
out and stuff but it's just this really
cute zebra pattern and then it has these
pink strings and it goes well with the
black bottoms and then another top that
I got is from forever 21 and it is like
it's just black but it has texture like
detailing on the front it's kind of like
crocheted I guess and then it has these
really cute gold circles at the top it's
just a basic bikini top and I like to
pair as well with these black bottoms
next one is from American Eagle and it
just has this floral print on it it's
very very pretty and has also that kind
of ruching pattern material right here
it's a little thinner than the
Victoria's Secret one but it's just a
really really pretty pattern and the top
is bando but it has like this halter top
attached to it it's really really cute
has like this detailing in the center
the string is red and then it has these
brown beads at the end so the next
bathing suit was also from American
Eagle and it is this I'm not really sure
what kind
pattern this is it kind of looks flowery
but also kind of tribal print ish it's
like this orange e and purple
combination and the sides are like
string and they have this little hole
here and the strings are purple which is
really really cute so it looks like that
and then the top is also a bando which
is really cute as well just looks like
that has this circle cut out in the
middle and then the strings are purple
and it's the same pattern as the bottoms
and then the back just has this little
tie and it's really really cute I got
both of these American Eagle bathing
suits last year I think okay guys so I
said that I was going to show you my
bathing suit collection actually have
one dating suit that is not necessarily
your everyday normal bathing suit that
you'd wear in the summer but I had it in
my drawer and I was like I have to show
this so I was a lifeguard a couple of
years ago and we got actual lifeguard
bathing suits so it looks like a
Baywatch bathing suit and I just wanted
to show you so it literally looks like
this says lifeguard on it and it's a
one-piece and yeah
you